Fix a spelling mistake in the writing guide (#30668)
expo/expo: guides/Expo Documentation Writing Style Guide.md

### Use `&mdash;`

> In some scenarios, when you split to sentences and use `-` or `--`, instead, use `&mdash;`. Markdown renders that mdash nicely instead of a `-`.

Author: ```suggestion
In some scenarios, when you split two sentences and use `-` or `--`, instead use `&mdash;`. Markdown renders that em dash nicely instead of a hyphen (`-`).
```
